Version 1.1
###########

This version is the same as the original Red Book (the one with the
gold lettering), with only errata fixes and the like; no
substantial content changes.

Prior To 2016-04-12
===================

BAD VERSIONS!

All copies of the CLL that have a version before 2016-04-12 and
don't have gold lettering are *BAD*.  You can contact The Logical
Language Group for a replacement.

2016-04-13 / 2016-04-12
=======================

Print/PDF
---------

This is considered the first good/complete PDF/print version.

Changes after this to the PDF/print version are expected to be
extremely minor/cosmetic.

2016-05-25
==========

HTML
----

Revamping of the navigation links in the HTML version.

Print/PDF
--------

No changes in theory.  In practice, the navigation links invaded the
PDF file, but we never rolled a new official version at this point
so it doesn't matter.

2016-06-10
==========

EPUB
----

This was the "fix up the EPUB" version; we now roll our own EPUB,
and it passes EPubCheck 4.0.1 without errors.  Many other changes;
see HTML section (since the EPUB is just the HTML section chunking
in a zip file with some modifications, any HTML changes effect the
EPUB).

This is considered the first good/complete EPUB version.

HTML
----

The HTML version passes tidy without errors (although it does have
some bizarre "<a> anchor [blah] already defined" warnings that
appear to simply be bugs in tidy).

As a side effect of the EPUB work, the html was cleaned up
considerably, but not in any ways that should have any visual
effects; there are now no nested "a" elements, all "dt" have "dd".

The links to the glossary now work (they were there but invisible
before).  The HTML and EPUB indexes now us ":" between items and
links (before it was a comma, which just looks weird).

This is considerd the first good/complete HTML version.


Print/PDF
---------
A couple of tiny changes (added a title to section 20.1, changed the
caption on a chapter picture).

I wouldn't even have stored a new version, except that an unrelated
CSS change (indeed, a change that should have had no effect) has
made a tiny difference to where words wrap, and so in some places
the two PDFs look very different, even though the content has
changed, so I'm storing this new version for purposes of future
comparison.

2016-06-12
==========

All versions: two bug fixes:

https://github.com/lojban/cll/pull/242

https://github.com/lojban/cll/issues/248

This version was pushed everywhere, so there will be print and EPUB
versions of this available for purchase.
